- For a Java example, we will operate much like we did
with the Python example.
A series of functions to show off parts of the STK.
We will do so using a simple Java script.
This is by no means how a Java program is
usually written or structured,
but for this example it will serve its purpose.
So I'm going to create a new project
and I'm going to use Maven,
that way it will handle my dependencies.
And I'm going to name my project "javas3"
and I'm going to store it where I put all of my code.
Now I'm going to open up my Artifact Coordinates
and I'm going to put in some values here that make sense
for me, so com.frankmoley.lil.s3.
Leave the artifact name the way it is.
And hit "Finish."
So our pom file's opened up.
And we're going to add a dependency section.
We'll add our first dependency,
and that dependency is going to be s3
and s3 comes from software.amazon.awssdk.
And the version that we're going to use is the latest,
which is 2.10.40,
that's the time that we're writing this.
Now, because the SDK will complain,
we're also going to bring in a log in library.
Bring in log4j12 from slf4j.
And we will bring in 1.7.30,
which is the latest available now.
Now we're going to create a build section.
And we're going to add plugins to that.
And the plugin that we are going to add
is an artifact ID of maven-compiler-plugin,
which comes from org.apache.maven.plugins.
We'll bring in the latest version, which is three one eight
at the time we're writing this.
And we'll apply a little configuration to it,
which is a source of 11 and a target of 11
to tell it to use jdk11.
All right, now let's open up source main java.
And we'll create a new package.
Going to name it the same as my group name.
And to that package we will create a new class.
Now, I'm just going to call that class "Application".
And just a couple more things here,
we'll create a main method in here.
And we will just simply do a system.out.println
and I'm going to say "hello world".
And at that point we can run our application.
'Kay, rephrase that big pause out of there.
And you'll see it prints out "hello world".
So we've got our application up and running, set up.
There's a couple other things that I'm going to add.
Again, to prevent things from complaining,
we're going to create a log4j.properties file.
And I am just going to drop in a very standard configuration,
any of them will work, which you can find on the internet.
Or you can download them from the exercise files,
it'll be available.
And that's all there is to it,
so our project is now set up and ready to run.